{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 List\
\
1. Kota Tua\
\
Jakarta\'92s old town, Kota Tua centers on Fatahillah Square, a lively plaza with regular traditional dance shows. The Jakarta History Museum is a Dutch-era building with paintings and antiques, while the Wayang Museum displays Javanese wooden puppets. Glodok village, or Chinatown, is popular for street food like dumplings and fried noodles. Nearby, schooners and fishing vessels ply old-world Sunda Kelapa port.\
\
\
2. Taman Menteng\
\
6\'b011'46.9"S 106\'b049'45.1"E\
-6.196355, 106.829203\
\
Public Place, no vehicle restriction\
\
Menteng Park is a park located at Menteng, Central Jakarta, Indonesia. This park was formerly occupied by Menteng Stadium. In October 2006 the stadium was demolished and the park was built on the area by the administration of Sutiyoso. The park is located at the center of Menteng residential area.\
\
Review\
\
Edward Alexander\
Great place to hang out and play. Has many sport courts (futsal, basketball, volleyball). They also have many photoshoot spots. Overall, a great place to spent your leisure time. Please maintain physical distancing as we are still in the COVID-19 pandemic situation.\
\
Ea Tipene\
Taman menteng is really suitable for everyone who want to release stress. Here also have volley and basketball field also jogging track. located near kuningan (bussiness area)\
\
Devedas Nandi\
Twice visited here, i really enjoy being here. Having a nice time with my family\
\
Jioke Ugorji\
To be really honest, I could not locate any of POI in this park. I walked around quite a bit and did not find the wonder.\
\
\
\
3. Setu Babakan\
\
\
6\'b020'30.7"S 106\'b049'23.7"E\
-6.341864, 106.823243\
\
Public place, RSVP if above 30 people at once\
\
Setu Babakan Betawi Cultural Village or Setu Babakan is a cultural park of Betawi people, which is located at Srengseng Sawah, Jagakarsa, Jakarta in Indonesia\
\
Reviews\
\
Alex Walker\
The lake in the middle of a big city is truly unique. Easy access and lots of sellers around the area so there's no need to worry.\
\
Barbara Cotila\
One of big artificial lake build by Jakarta goverment  in the year 2000. This area function as betawi cultural settlement. If you Looking something Special and uniqe about Jakarta, whether the foods, drinks, culture, and the people. You can visit this lake, which is located at Srengseng Sawah, South Jakarta. You have to pay the entry ticket only 5k for motorcylce, inside if you want to ride a horse or rent duck boat you can paid to the loket area.\
\
4. QQ Kopitiam Patal Senayan\
\
6\'b013'11.9"S 106\'b047'31.7"E\
-6.219958, 106.792138\
\
Maximum 20 vehicles\
\
Destination that has a lot of variety of food and also a great parkir spot for groups and photogenic\
\
Reviews\
\
Meg Rigden\
Came here twice, and has a good ambient also a cool air so we can rest and eat with ease\
\
Yolanda Bruce\
A little bit expensive, the food is actually basic too, but the overall place is very good to hangout\
\
5. Roti Bakar Eddy Haji Nawi\
\
6\'b015'51.4"S 106\'b047'33.8"E\
-6.264265, 106.792727\
\
15 Person max\
\
Airy, relaxed haunt turning out familiar Indonesian fare including fried rice, noodles & toast.\
\
Reviews\
\
Benjamin Malik\
Ordered non coffee drink: ice chocolate special. However, the taste was just okay for me. But I really like the toasted bread, really crisp. Dont forget to ask for condensed milk and a longer baking for extra crispiness.\
\
Mario Rado\
We had a pretty good breakfast here. We ordered a corned beef toast, toasted banana and melon juice. They had a decent taste, the portioning was good as well. But we waited quite long for the food, little bit dissapointed because of that.\
\
6. Bubur ayam barito\
\
6\'b014'47.4"S 106\'b047'34.6"E\
-6.246498, 106.792931\
\
Always full, 5 people maximum\
\
Roadside outlet specializing in Indonesian street eats, such as chicken porridge, in unfussy digs.\
\
Reviews\
\
Radja Alfi\
It was great time spent time for dinner here, on of the famous chicken porridge in Jakarta with the food stall concept. Simply place, even you can dine in, better take away service. Affordable price and good services. Its highly recommended.\
\
Sukmawan Usman\
Quick services n convinient for take away services,innovate with Cup packing mode which make easy to take while mobile..taste are.consistent for more than 2 decades..\
\
7. Cilandak Townsquare\
\
6\'b017'30.6"S 106\'b047'59.3"E\
-6.291832, 106.799817\
\
Popular indoor-outdoor mall with a plethora of local & international retail & dining options.\
\
Maximum 30 people\
\
Reviews\
\
Nia Tan\
Most preferable option after hours hang-out destination, dine-in and social gathering. Affordable sit-in caf\'e9s and family restaurants, including medium sized supermarket and known selection of fast food outlets.\
\
Ricky Pur\
Mall that is comfortable for meetings,hangout or to find whatever you need. they just need one bookstore and youre all set.\
\
Radit Pradipta\
Great place to hang out! Many choices, whether it is for eating, grocery shopping, fashion shopping! Also have a sport complex!\
\
8. Indonesia National Monument\
\
6\'b010'31.6"S 106\'b049'38.7"E\
-6.175456, 106.827421\
\
The National Monument is a 132 m tower in the centre of Merdeka Square, Central Jakarta, symbolizing the fight for Indonesia. It is the national monument of the Republic of Indonesia, built to commemorate the struggle for Indonesian independence. Construction began in 1961 under the direction of President Sukarno.\
\
Maximum 20 People, above needs RSVP\
\
Reviews\
\
Rachel Linda\
Indonesia\'92s most iconic landmark and historical site in the centre of Jakarta. The place is huge and no cars are allowed inside. It is quite a walk from the gate to the centre of the monument and up to the highest vantage point. It is a very good view of Jakarta from above the monument. If you are going up the monument, please come early to avoid the queue as there is only a single lift which accommodate 8 people each trip\
\
Dona Soer\
Great historical place to visit in the center of Capital City of Indonesia, Jakarta. It' s huge amazing place to see. We are able to go to the top of it and you see from there a beautiful view of Jakarta. In the inside there is stories about Indonesia in miniature figures. You will not regret!\
\
Leonard Alvin\
Indonesia\'92s most iconic landmark and historical site in the centre of Jakarta. The place is huge and no cars are allowed inside. It is quite a walk from the gate to the centre of the monument and up to the highest vantage point. It is a very good view of Jakarta from above the monument. If you are going up the monument, please come early to avoid the queue as there is only a single lift which accommodate 8 people each trip.\
\
\
9. Bang Dul Taichan Satay\
\
6\'b012'28.6"S 106\'b047'25.5"E\
-6.207955, 106.790419\
\
Late-night hangout dispensing a variety of grilled, skewered meats in a casual, open-air setting.\
\
30 People Max\
\
Reviews\
\
Angga Chris\
Nice place to hangout at night\
\
Loverin Sakrie\
So spicy but i love all of combination of chicken and spice\
\
10. Srengseng City Forest\
\
6\'b012'31.7"S 106\'b045'50.3"E\
-6.208795, 106.763977\
\
Sprawling, urban nature park featuring brick-paved walkways, kids' play equipment & a large pond.\
\
Reviews\
\
Ryan Bo\
The city forest that is dear is comfortable to be enjoyed both morning, afternoon and evening. Various types of large plants provide cool water, there is also a small lake in the middle of the forest adds to the beautiful scenery.\
\
Aburin Ray\
A great place for a morning walk. Quite crowded in sunday morning. There's a lake inside. But not too clean. \
\
11. Wing Heng Hongkong Dimsum Shop\
\
Busy Chinese joint serving all-day dim sum, plus standard menu items in simple digs.\
\
6\'b006'44.7"S 106\'b046'50.9"E\
-6.112421, 106.780800\
\
10 people max\
\
Reviews\
\
Grace Taul\
Best 24 hours dim sum place around Jakarta. Delicious, affordable price. You can pay with debit cards/credit cards/go pay. It usually has quite a queue but it worth waiting.\
\
Rudolf PhilBest dimsum I ever had so far! Not too expensive for this kind of quality. Would really recommend it even though its located a bit far from the central.\
\
12. Moto Village Jakarta\
\
A place for motorcylist to hangout without any restriction.\
\
6\'b015'29.1"S 106\'b048'30.2"E\
-6.258080, 106.808391\
\
\
30 People max\
\
Reviews\
\
Lufthi Prawiro\
Big parking lot, fair menu prices, and very comfortable surroundings\
\
Heru Prawira\
One huge mall which they said selling all bikers needs. But I think this place is just a place to hangout for Sunday morning riders. Not fulfilling my needs as a bikers though. Some caffe, one haircut, some motorcycle supplies, but not too much. Not really like this place.\
\
1. De Facto coffee and eatery \
Snug, contemporary cafe offering creative coffee drinks, light bites & desserts\
(-6.1984573, 106.8862525)\
\
review : \
\
"Nice place, if a bit hidden/not quite visible from street level."\
\
"My fave barista is the quirky woman with glasses, she made a heck good coffee."\
\
"Coffee on pic: manual brew, beans: Sunda Gulali Honey served with V60"\
\
\
2. Taman mini \
Park bringing Indonesian culture & nature to life via museums, gardens & replicas of famed sights\
(-6.3024582, 106.8951578)\
\
review: \
\
"Fun place for family, in the morning you can jogging and Cycling."\
\
"But the staff still offers a great service to visitors."\
\
"There are food court place, lot of parking area, cozy place and many toilet"\
\
\
3. Otw food street (Utara)\
Indonesian comfort fare & inventive desserts whipped up in a funky, rustic-chic setting.\
(-6.1702427, 106.9035816)\
\
review: \
"Great variety from noodle, rice, to burgers and sandwiches."\
\
"They have various menu: ramen, fried rice, burger, pasta, etc."\
\
"This place always crowded on the weekend and have only small parking area."\
\
4. Cibugary (Timur)\
Cattle farming and yogurt production site from cow's milk as well as pure cow's milk with various flavors. Located on East Jakarta.\
(-6.3569847, 106.9063495)\
\
\'93cold and the smell of cows\'94\
\
\'93It's delicious milk\'94\
\
\
5. Kedai lokale (Utara)\
Upmarket coffee spot & hangout serving elevated local eats & sweets in sharp surrounds.\
(-6.1476378, 106.9097209)\
\
Review: \
"Cozy place, nice atmosphere, cheap foods and drinks"\
\
"The price is reasonable and the service is great!"\
\
"Food taste good, ambience was dark, waiters were helpful"\
\
\
6. Kopilot coffee house and kitchen (Timur)\
Airy cafe in a lofty-chic setting pouring familiar espresso-based drinks, sweets & light bites.\
(-6.2843091, 106.9079593)\
\
Review :\
\
"Green tea iced, blackforest latte so yummy."\
\
"Nice place to hangout, nice coffee, & affordable price\
\
"Lovely place with good coffee and friendly service\
\
7. First crack coffee (Utara)\
Upmarket coffee spot & hangout serving elevated local eats & sweets in sharp surrounds\
(-6.1516773, 106.8857449)\
\
Review : \
"Nice service, coffee, place and ambience with acceptable price."\
\
"Best coffee in the area, good spot, tasty and delicious food and cakes."\
\
"Nice atmosphere, cozy and relaxing drinks were good, recommended their specialty"}